did you wash your hands with soap did
you dry them all vegetables all
vegetable I did so are we going to talk
about it what the elephant in the room
what elephant moms new job
it's time to make some wrong things
right help me bring supers back into the
sunlight we need to change people's
perceptions about superheroes and
Elastigirl is our best play better than
me watch the kids no problem you're
supposed to do it dad
they want us to do it I don't know that
way why would they change math math is
bad hello hey honey
kit everything's great
[Music]
check track he's in excellent health
that is freaky you know it's crazy right
to help my family I gotta leave it to
fix the law I gotta break it you've got
two more kids can have that choice thank
you young man
combustion imminent what does that mean
it means fire Robert
the screen slider interrupts this
program for an important announcer suit
up
it might get weird I'll be there
[Music]
I thought we were you heard your mother
trampolining
superheroes are illegal you wanna fight
bad guys defines Who I am
we're not saying you have what someone
on TV said I was approached by this
tycoon most to talk about hero stuff
help me bring supers back into the
sunlight
we need Elastigirl
[Music]
kids no problem not the way you're
supposed to do it dad they want us to do
it I don't know that way why would they
change math over Dusseldorf do those are
dogs in I was so heavy atropine
[Music]
closer I couldn't have done this if you
hadn't taken over so well I've got to
succeed so she can succeed
bob is tricky but I can't keep giving
him nobody done properly parenting is a
heroic act done properly
[Music]